Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Rite Plumbing NYC | Your Plumbing Solution
(347) 502-6441
24/7 Plumbing services
Less than 30 minutes to arrive!

Licensed and Insured
Plumbing License: 1608

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW

750 Lexington Ave, New York, NY 10022

WHAT WE DO
Say goodbye to old-fashioned plumbing appointments - our innovative system is here.
Schedule Plumber Now

You can save time by quickly and easily schedule with our online scheduling service! In just 30 seconds you can book a virtual estimate or job appointment that fits into your schedule.

Schedule Online

Schedule a plumber online within less than a minute.

Building Management Document Requirements

Secure Your Plumbing Work with Necessary Documents In less than 24 Hours

Track your plumber while on route

GPS Tracking your plumber while on route.

Easy Online Payments

Pay online through the invoice sent to you (Credit Card, check, ACH)

Specialised in plumbing repair, service and installation.
Read More
Why you should hire a licensed plumber in NYC.
Read More
Building Management Document Requirements done within 24 Hours

Secure your plumbing work with nessesary documents.
Upload Documents
Certificate of Insurance (COI)

When you choose Rite Plumbing and Heating, you can trust that your plumbing work is being done right. We provide a Certificate of Insurance (COI) as a guarantee that any demage that occurs during or after work is covered as insured by us. This gives you peace of mind that you are fully protected against any damages that may happen. 

Licensed Plumbing Company

We are a fully licenced plumbing company, with license number 1608. We do residential plumbing, gas leak plumbing and clogged toilet plumbing work done in the city must be done by a licensed plumbing company, so you can be sure that we have the necessary qualificaions to get the job done right.

Indemnification Letter

We provide an indemnification letter to ensure that  you are fully protected from any legal claims. This clause give you peace of mind that you are not liable for any demages that may occure during or after the work.

Scope of Work

We provide a scope of work to building management so that they understand what's involved in the plumbing work. This scope of work allows them to know whether they need to shut off the water in the building, so they can inform the tenants accordingly.

Our History
Read More
Recent news.
Posted by
SEO RankZenith
August 25, 2023
5 min read
Plumbing Mistakes DIY-ers Make
Uncategorized
Posted by
SEO RankZenith
August 25, 2023
5 min read
Spring Cleaning Plumbing Tasks
Plumbing
Posted by
SEO RankZenith
August 25, 2023
4 min read
How Does Residential Plumbing Work
Plumbing
Get in touch

info@riteplumbingnyc.com
347 502 6441

Assistance hours:
24/7 Services

 
Rite Plumbing & Heating Inc

750 Lexington Ave, 9th Floor New York, NY 10022 United States

Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services