Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
About Us
Home
About Us
Connecting with rite plumbing and heating in NYC is easy

For over 20 years, we have not stopped at perfectionism. Rite Plumbing and Heating is New York City’s leading company when it comes to dependable plumbing and heating contractors. We pride ourselves in being steps ahead of our competitors by offering encouragement to customers during tough times while endorsing trustworthiness, fairness, and security to residences and businesses around this busy community.

What we do
Rite Plumbing and Heating uses state of the art equipment when it comes to the tools we need to fix your plumbing problems.
We value your time in this busy city and are never late. Schedule prompt appointments through our high-end scheduling software.
Your happiness is our success. Meeting your expectations is extremely important to us, that’s why our customers keep coming back. You’ll see why after you Read our reviews.
We leave a job well-done and clean. Our highly trained staff ensures each job is completed without flaws, leaving no job uncleaned.
Results and answers form driven master plumbers

Big or small we are there and ready and waiting to solve multiple plumbing and heating issues:

24/7 Emergency Services
Free Estimates
Under 30-minute Arrival Time
State of the Art Scheduling Software
Plumbing and Heating Problems in Manhattan, Queens, and Brooklyn
Water Heater Installations
Tankless Water Heaters
Clogged Toilet Repairs
Clogged Drains
Gas Leaks
Shower Repairs
Garbage Disposals
Faucet Fixtures and Sinks
Sump Pumps
Residential Plumbing
Commercial Plumbing
We are exceeding customer expectations every day

Every one of our highly-trained techs are experienced, ready, and waiting to handle any task, regardless of the extent. We are a well-educated and licensed plumbing company – eager to meet your needs. We will be there in30 minutes. We have the best client reviews who highly recommend our services.

Rite Plumbing and Heating in New York City services commercial properties, residences, and businesses. We are a insured and licensed plumbing/heating company offering resolutions to your plumbing, residential and commercial needs in the New York City and surrounding areas. Call us at347-502-6441.

Our peace of mind commitment | We get the picture
Residential Plumbing And Heating

Get honest, free estimates when choosing Rite Plumbing and Heating. Whether it be in the middle of the night or early morning, we are here 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to serve you.There is no job too big or too small that we can’t handle: Drain Cleaning, Water Heater Repair or Replacement, Toilet and Bathroom Plumbing Repair and Faucet Replacement, and so much more!

Commercial Plumbing And Heating

We make it right the first time because we are professionals and experts when it comes to commercial plumbing pros. With exceptional customer service and competitive rates, you can’t go wrong with our highly trained and insured staff. Whether it be for plumbing emergencies, clogged drains, or bathroom problems – we are available 24/7!

Our peace of mind commitment | We get the picture

If you’ve rented long enough in and around the city of New York, you will understand how exhausting it can feel to find prompt resolutions to your plumbing needs when living in buildings dating back to the 1920’s. Blocked toilets, leaking toilets, gas leaks, radiator leaks, bathroom faucet problems, broken kitchen faucets, bathtub leaks – the list goes on.

And even though city laws and regulations are in a tenant’s favor, it still does not mean your landlord will quickly respond to your needs. You are not alone. Contact Us for 24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN.

Plumbing problem? We can help! 24/7 plumbing service. Less than 30 minutes to arrrive

Our estimates are free, schedule an appointment with our online scheduling

Schedule Plumber Now
Trust our quality for a
better plumbing experience.

Experience Peace of Mind with Rite Plumbing and Heating.

Google Guaranteed! Member of Master Licensed Plumbers  in NYC Licensed and Insured!

Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services