Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Bathroom Plumbing & Shower Repair
We Fix Faucets, Tubs, Showers And Pipes

We are insured and Licensed Plumbers you can trust. Need shower repair in NYC? Call us now at 347-502-6441.

Or you can schedule faucet, tub, shower, and pipe repair through our online calendar.

We are Top-Rated Plumbers. Check our reviews.

Licensed Plumbers Nyc | Rite Plumbing & Heating

A lot of things have changed with today’s bathrooms and showers. There are many tub and shower options with complex shower heads, jacuzzi and whirlpool spas, faucets and steam systems. Licensed Rite Plumbing & Heating experts are top-rated for bathroom plumbing repairs of all kinds.

Our Shower Plumbing Services Include:

Bathroom and Shower Faucet Repairs
Bathtub Repairs
Clogged Bathroom Drains
Entire Shower Installations
Leaky Pipes and Bathroom Fixtures
Shower and Bathtub Fitting
Shower Cartridge Replacement
Shower Repair
Shower Valve Leaks
Showers with Lead Pans
State of the Art Equipment forand Tub Repair
State of the Art Equipment Solutions for Shower Repair and Installation
Toilet Repairs
Walk-In Shower Connections and Repair
Water Pipe Repairs and Installation
Water Pressure Repairs
We Are Available 24/7, 7 Days A Week

We can understand what our customer’s face when dealing with broken or faulty bathroom plumbing. Please contact our master technicians to handle these dilemmas, otherwise you could be looking at disaster. Remember: Unresolved water damage leads to mold. We care about you!

We Will Arrive In Less Than 30-minutes.

24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN. Schedule an emergency commercial plumber through our online calendar.

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services