Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Emergency Plumber Repair
We Are Insured And Licensed Plumbers You Can Trust

Need an Emergency Plumber in NYC? Call us now at 347-502-6441 for 24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN.

Or you can schedule us to come in 30 minutes. View our online calendar.

We are Top-Rated Plumbers. Check our reviews.

Rite Plumbing And Heating |your Trusted Emergency Plumbing Specialist

Plumbing emergencies can cost hundreds if not thousands of dollars when not taken care of immediately. Water damage can cause mold and health hazards. It is critical to call us immediately. We care about your plumbing problems. You are not alone. Our expert techs can come to you in 30 minutes with state of the art equipment to handle your dilemma, predicament or, in some cases, disaster.

Rite Plumbing and Heating 24 Hour Plumbing Service in New York City, Queens, Brooklyn,and Manhattan.

Whether you have a leaky toilet emergency, a clogged-up kitchen or stopped-up bathroom sink emergency, we have you covered.

Do You Need Emergency Plumbing Assistance?

Top Reasons Why

Flooding from water heaters and clogged toilets need prompt service, requiring immediate water emergency and restoration service.
Hot Water Heaters cause freezing cold showers. It could be a gas or electric issue requiring us to assess. Chances are, if your water heater is over a decade old, it needs to be replaced.
Apartment Flooding can be a renter’s worst nightmare. This is an utter emergency when the underlying cause is unfounded. Call Rite Plumbing and Heating for immediate assistance. We can be there in less than 30 minutes.
Basement Flooding is a common finding, especially after it rains.Safety is your best virtue in situations like these because of the electrical hazard involved. Please do not enter your basement. Instead, call the experts at Rite Plumbing and Heating for 24/7 emergency assistance.
We Are Available 24/7, 7 Days A Week

Emergencies can happen at any time, day, or night (including holidays).We can be there in less than 30 minutes to investigate leaky drips and faulty water heaters. We service emergencies each day. Please check out our reviews

Rite Plumbing and Heating in New York City services commercial properties, residences, and businesses. We are a insured and licensed plumbing/heating company offering resolutions to your emergency plumbing needs in theNew York City and surrounding areas.

 

We Will Arrive In Less Than 30-minutes.

24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN. Schedule an emergency commercial plumber through our online calendar.

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services