Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Hot Water Heater Repair & Installation NYC
Top-rated Plumbers, You Can Trust

We are a insured plumbing/heating company that provides Hot Water Heater Service and Installation in the New York City and surrounding areas. Call Rite Plumbing & Heating in NYC at 347-502-6441 24-hours a day for prompt emergency service assistance.

Or schedule a plumber through our online calendar for a free estimate.

Check our reviews; you will not be disappointed.

Hot Water Heater Installation, Replacement & Repair Nyc

Our expert plumbers quickly and efficiently service and install hot water heaters. If you have a water heater that needs to be replaced or repaired, ignoring the signs could mean rust and expansion. Just leaving it could mean future mold problems. We can help salvage or replace.

We are a Certified and licensed plumbing/heating company offering emergency gas leak detection service and Gas Stove Installations in the New York City and surrounding areas.

Electric And Gas Water Heater Repair & Installation In New York City | Our Specialties

Whether it is a gas or electric water heater, our plumbing specialists can help with your install.

I have a leak. We are proficient with water heater troubleshooting. Even minor leaks can cause a lot of damage, let alone major leaks. NYC Water Heater Leak Repair is best left to specialists like us. Rite Plumbing and Heating can even replace the entire water heater if needed.
My hot water heater will not light. When the unit can no longer sense heat, the pilot light shuts off. Our pilot repair services include Thermocouple Replace for this very issue.
My Gas Valve is bad. Water Heater Gas Valve problems are not easy to fix and require a professional to address due to the natural gas hazard. In these cases, replacing it may be the only option. Contact Rite Plumbing & Heating for emergencies of any kind. We are here 24/7.

Water Heater Replacement Benefits

Better showers.
Freshly washed clothes look cleaner than ever before.
Better dishwasher efficiency.

We are licensed plumbers in and around NYC who are committed to water heater installation and service in Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan, New York. We provide a COI (certificate of insurance) and handle big or small residences and business, including Co-Op and Condominiums.

We Will Arrive In Less Than 30-minutes.

24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN. Schedule an emergency commercial plumber through our online calendar.

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services