Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Sump Pump Installation, Maintenance & Repairs in NYC
We Are Insured And Licensed Plumbers You Can Trust.

Need a Sump Pump Plumber in NYC? Call us now at 347-502-6441.

Or you can schedule us to come in 30 minutes. View our online calendar.

We are Top-Rated Plumbers. Check our reviews.

Rite Plumbing And Heating | Your Trusted Sump Pump Plumbing Specialist

What is a sump pump? Sump pumps are necessary to keep water out of your home basement. A sump pump is typically installed at the lowest point in your basement or crawl space. The pump itself is a submersible pump right there at the bottom of a sump pit and at the base of your home’s foundation.

You’ll find sump pumps in newer homes and older homes that have been retrofitted with one. It’s common to now use them to prevent basement flooding.

Like any other piece of gear, sump pumps wear out.

Your Sump Pumps may need to be replaced. It is imperative that you call Rite Plumbing and Heating when your sump pump is not working so our experts can assess the situation.

Rite Plumbing and Heating replaces lots of sump pumps in the New York City and surrounding areas.

Our Services Include:

Sump Pump Maintenance
Sump Pump Repairs
Sump Pump Replacement

Your business deserves high-quality, round-the-clock, and expert sump pump and sink plumbing, repair, and replacement services. Expect nothing less form Rite Plumbing and Heating. We have decades of sump pump experience in New York City, Queens, Brooklyn, and Manhattan. We offer free estimates and no-hassle guarantees.

We Are Available 24/7, 7 Days A Week

NYC Residential Plumbing Emergencies can happen at any time, day, or night (including holidays). We can be there in less than 30 minutes to investigate sump pump problems and faulty sump pits. We offer sump pump maintenance service each day. Please check out our reviews.

Rite Plumbing and Heating in New York City services commercial properties, residences, and businesses. We are insured and licensed plumbing/heating company offering resolutions to your sump pump plumbing needs in the New York City and surrounding areas.

We Will Arrive In Less Than 30-minutes.

24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN. Schedule an emergency commercial plumber through our online calendar.

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services