Follow Us
Fb. 
Ig. 
Yt.
Skip to content
Home
Services
Blog
Video
About Us
Contact
SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Tankless Water Heater Repair & Installation NYC
We fix Tankless Water Heaters

We are an insured and licensed plumbing/heating company providing Tankless Water Heater Service, Installation and Replacement in the New York City and surrounding areas. Call Rite Plumbing & Heating in NYC at 347-502-6441 24-hours a day for prompt emergency service assistance.

Schedule a plumber through our online calendar for free estimate.

Check our reviews; you will not be disappointed.

Emergency Tankless Water Heater Experts Nyc

Our expert plumbers in NYC are prompt and efficient when servicing and installing tankless water heaters. It is vital to hire a skilled NYC plumber to handle upkeep and maintenance, not doing so can lead to an inappropriately vented tankless water heater.

Remember: We offer Tankless Water heater Maintenance. Regular maintenance extends the lifetime of any water heater. Don’t delay and contact us for a free estimate!

When you rely on Rite Plumbing & Heating, you can expect our highly skilled technicians to take the guesswork out of NYC Tankless Water Heater Replacement. We follow strict NYC guidelines with Tankless Water Heater Installations.

Rite Plumbing Nyc Specialists In:
Fixing Tankless Water Heaters
Installing Tankless Water Heaters
Replacing Tankless Water Heaters
Maintaining Tankless Water Heaters

There will come a time water heater repair or water heater replacement comes knocking at your door. You must leave this difficult task to a professional like your local Rite Plumbing & Heating expert. In fact, we service Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan.

Tankless Water Heater Replacement Tips and Benefits

The benefits and tips of going tankless:

Choose a unit big enough for the size of your family.
They are powered by electric, gas or propane.
The water heats up very quickly.
Save 25% annually
Life expectancy of 20+ years.

The cons of a traditional water heater make it worth looking into replacing your water heater for a tankless one. For example, going traditional, consumes too much energy, takes up too much space and the life expectancy is shorter.

We are licensed plumbers in and around NYC who are committed to professional tankless water heater installation and service in Brooklyn, Queens, and Manhattan, New York. We provide a COI (certificate of insurance) and handle big or small residences and businesses, including Co-Op and Condominiums.

We Will Arrive In Less Than 30-minutes.

24/7 Emergency Plumbing Service in QUEENS, BROOKLYN, AND MANHATTAN. Schedule an emergency commercial plumber through our online calendar.

SCHEDULE A PLUMBER NOW
Back
Fb. /
lg. /
Yt.
Quick Links
History
FAQ
Why Hired Licensed Plumber
Mission
Mission Statement
Videos
Schedule Plumber Now

© 2025 Rite Plumbing NYC. All rights reserved

Security
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Services